Backlog

    Set up Kestrel repository blog. (??)
    Blog: How Byte-banding Works
    Assembler must produce binary, hunk-format, relocatable objects from assembly listing.
    We need a tool to translate hunk-format executables into ROM files.
    Only CODE, RODATA, and BSS section allowed for ROMable software.
    Monitor's CODE+RODATA sections must fit within 2048 words of ROM (16KB).
    Load monitor ROM image from specified file into emulated ROM.
    Evented emulation
    Blog: How Processor Bootstrap Works
    Debugger serial port output emulation
    Direct all output to dedicated debugging serial port.
    Monitor identifies upon start-up.
    CPU Interrupt mechanism
    Let user interrupt CPU and drop directly into debugger
    Blog: How CPU Interrupts Work
    Debugger serial port input emulation
    Blog: How debugger serial port emulation works
    Accept all input from dedicated debugging serial port.
    Monitor responds to alphanumeric, space, backspace, and ENTER keys only.
    Monitor interprets commands and hexadecimal values without regard to case.
    Let user read memory
    Let user update memory
    Let user read registers
    Let user update registers
    Let user run code
    Memory dumps contain both ASCII and hexadecimal views.
    CPU Breakpoint/Watchpoint registers
    CPU Trap mechanism
    Trap on memory access match with any break/watchpoint register.
    Let user create break/watchpoints
    Let user destroy break/watchpoints
    Blog: CPU Debug Registers and their Trap Handlers
    Let user disassemble memory
    Let user single-step code
    Let user run code until PC hits specified target address
    Let user load block of binary image from SD card
    SDSC card read emulation
    Let user assemble into memory
    Let user save block of binary image to SD card
    SDSC card write emulation
    Blog: How SPI and SDSC Emulation Works
    Let user read breakpoints
    Let user change breakpoints
    Let user create breakpoint predicate
    Let user destroy breakpoint predicate
    Let user read breakpoint predicates
    Let user update breakpoint predicates
    Blog: How debugger break/watchpoint predicates work

